alright hello everyone this is product
shot and today I've got special thing
for you I finally managed to get diamond
on all the shotguns after spending you
know like a week just ignoring the KSG
because the stupid bloodthirsty medals
are so annoying but you may be wondering
why this is why there's a suppressor on
it and i'll make a video on that but
basically it makes it so much better but
the diamond shotguns day they do look
amazing are given that just you know you
can just admire them i guess and then
then go get them yourself a lot of
people on the one shot kills video I've
been saying they've either got it or
they're really close so you can finally
see what you're aiming towards this is
the case chief just at the back of
hijack this was all in a public match
most people have been doing it in
private matches but this is this is more
fun trying to show it off while like
running around chubby cow just you know
he's chillin with me just time to look
all the diamonds this is the m1216 and
it's in this this is a probably the
funnest shotgun if you don't use
shotguns and you don't know much about
them if you want to have fun with a
shotgun use that one because it is great
fun but yeah we get we get a spawn
killed back there but here on to the s12
best best shotgun in my opinion well
probably not like the best but it's my
favorite shotgun buff by far and it
looks so nice especially the iron sights
with the diamonds on it kind of puts you
off when you're aiming down sights but
who who aims downside let's be honest so
yeah this this shotgun is is great and
we'll move on to the 870 later but like
when you're reloading with this and you
see the side of the gun are the detail
is great they've really like done the
whole diamond thing really well it's
kind of difficult to get but maybe a
little bit too easy because some people
get it like on the first day or two and
here's the r870 first time I've spawn in
with it and kill another guy when the
r870 so obviously the Diamonds do
something but yeah this this this
shotguns just you know standard spit
boring
bit you know mainstream and all that and
a bit bit too good to be perfectly
honest but yeah diamonds and all that
I'll do it I still got to do a video on
the chaos tree because I only literally
just got it but the diamonds are kind of
more important than the guy yesterday at
this point and yeah oh well I'll do a
video on the KSG and how to get the
bloodthirsty males for that because
that's what annoyed me the most but i
found a kind of good way to do it and
got clips on me getting the bloodthirsty
medals and but all those people have
been saying the cashews like the easiest
gun the easiest shot gun to use i've no
idea where they got that from because it
is so difficult but end it on a nice
little clip here so cheers for watching
and I'll see you next time